Thank you for your cooperation.
What are you in a hurry
Can you not worry if you leave? What do they want to do?
Therefore, I tell you that you must study hard
Many things can't be learned, and they don't end well. Just like me, I was checked for three days and two days.
Don't kid me.
You are not in a hurry. What's the use of being in a hurry?
Oh, by the way, how's it going with Liu Ying?
According to what you said, the driving recorder has been changed.
Doesn't her husband suspect it?
No, I asked Liu Ying to drive and rub it before changing it.
Yo, you're smart.
Otherwise, what should I do if I get fired by you?
Now I think the oil cavity slipped off.
By the way, why not install a positioning system directly? Installing a positioning system is illegal for evidence collection.
But we installed a dashcam with a GPS system
That's different.
There is a positioning system in the driving recorder
Then what?
Otherwise, why change it?
Ah you old fox
I'm getting old now, right?
I was wrong, wife.
Who is your wife?
When you catch someone, don't let him go up by himself.
Remember to call 110
Yes, otherwise it's illegal.
And the police report is more convincing
Ah, are you Ms. Tang?
Ah, it's me, your courier.
I don't come into the office anymore, I can still catch up with this hum
Hey don't move
You forgot what happened at your door before.